BudgetApp/README.md, before:

# Overview

{Important! Do not say in this section that this is college assignment. Talk about what you are trying to accomplish as a software engineer to further your learning.}

I created a budgeting app that runs in the terminal. This program helps the user keep track of how much they earned, spent, and what those were for. 

The purpose in writting this software was to help increase my understanding of C# and how it works. I was able to understand classes better and how they connect to the main function. 


[Software Demo Video](http://youtube.link.goes.here)

# Development Environment

For developing the software I used RiderDB. This code editor is set up well for writting in C# and has a lot of libraries in it specifically for C#.

The language I wrote this program in was C#.

# Useful Websites


- [Web Site Name](http://url.link.goes.here)
- [Web Site Name](http://url.link.goes.here)

# Future Work

{Make a list of things that you need to fix, improve, and add in the future.}

- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

Commit message:

Finished adding things to README file

BudgetApp/README.md, after:

# Overview

I created a budgeting app that runs in the terminal. This program helps the user keep track of how much they earned, spent, and what those were for. 

The purpose in writting this software was to help increase my understanding of C# and how it works. I was able to understand classes better and how they connect to the main function. 


Software Demo Video https://youtu.be/fM0qktT9J8c 

# Development Environment

For developing the software I used RiderDB. This code editor is set up well for writting in C# and has a lot of libraries in it specifically for C#.

The language I wrote this program in was C#.

# Useful Websites

- C# Documentation https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/tour-of-csharp/
- What is C# Used For? https://www.pluralsight.com/resources/blog/software-development/everything-you-need-to-know-about-c-#:~:text=What%20is%20C%23%20used%20for,Lots%20and%20lots%20of%20games.

# Future Work

- Write the transactions to a text file so you can see them without having to just run the program
- Add more features to increase accuracy of income and outcome
- Create a place they can add money specifically to savings or something that are saving for
